# First encounter

The first encounter that a developer has when its time to use a relational database is the
SQL prompt interface. Inside this interface, queries are given as commmands to make 
operations over data stored in the database's tables. Here you can select tables, pick rows,
filter rows by a certain attribute, etc.

To imitate the mechanism of this interface, a simple process of recieving text from the command
line could be used.

Due to the nature of C, we'll make used of utilites that will allow us to get the information
in the best way to avoid the most common pitfalls of this programming language. We'll make use
of the "getline()" function to allocate the input text from the prompt interface dynamically.

So the core components would be:
```c
// The structure that will store the input from the prompt
typedef struct {
	char* buffer;
	size_t buffer_length;
	size_t input_length;
} InputBuffer;

// The function to store the ifnormation inside the struct

void read_input(InputBuffer* input_buffer){
	ssize_t bytes_read = getline(&(input_buffer->buffer), &(input_buffer->buffer_length), stdin);
    (...)
    }
```

So then, by declaring an instance of the *InputBuffer* struct, then we can pass that instance 
to the "*read_input()*" function, and with that we'll have access to the input using the "*buffer*"
member.

With that, the first approach we can use to trigger a response is to compare the input with an
expected result. For instance, if we want to have the chance to get out of the prompt interface,
we can indicate in our code that when the input matches with a string "exit", then the prompt
interface should stop.

```c
int main(int argc, char *argv[]){
	InputBuffer* input_buffer = new_input_buffer();

	while (1) {
		printf("db > ");
		read_input(input_buffer);

		if (strcmp(input_buffer->buffer, "exit") == 0) {
			close_input_buffer(input_buffer);
			exit(EXIT_SUCCESS);
		} else {
			printf("Unrecognized command '%s'.\n", input_buffer->buffer);
		}
	}

	return 0;
}
```


