In this point, we still have only the basic setup to understand a limited number of inputs
from the prompt, but there is no process to execute any datbase related task from them.

To do that, first we need a table to interact with, we're going to start simple by creating
a table with the next attributes for each row.

| Attributes | Type |
|---------|----------|
| id | integer |
| username | varchar(32) |
| email | varchar(255) |

And for now, the database will only support 2 kind of transactions: *Insert and Select*

1. First we're gonna need to do some modifications to the codebase of the REPL.
The first modification is going to be about verifying that the input from the prompt
is about a meta-command or not. For that, we're going to have to make some distinctions
between meta-command and commands.

The one that we'll use is that, if a command starts with a dot (.), then it's a meta-command,
otherwise is a SQL command. If this command is not valid, then the code will print a message
acknowledging this issue

2. Then, if the command is not a meta-command, we create a process to verify is the command 
corresponds to any of both commands that we stated, otherwise, the code will mention this
problem with a message, similarly to the previous process of recognizing a meta-command.

```c
/* To make the "switch" statements more readable, we'll make use of enums for each one
of the cases */

typedef enum {
	META_COMMAND_SUCCESS,
	META_COMMAND_UNRECOGNIZED_COMMAND
} MetaCommandResult;

typedef enum {
	PREPARE_SUCCESS,
	PREPARE_UNRECOGNIZED_STATEMENT
} PrepareResult;

typedef enum {
	STATEMENT_INSERT,
	STATEMENT_SELECT
} StatementType;

(...)

	while (1) {
		printf("db > ");
		read_input(input_buffer);

		if (input_buffer->buffer[0] == '.') {
			switch (do_meta_command(input_buffer)) {
				case (META_COMMAND_SUCCESS):
					continue;
				case (META_COMMAND_UNRECOGNIZED_COMMAND):
					printf("Unrecognized command\n");
					continue;
			}
		}

		Statement statement;
		switch (prepare_statement(input_buffer, &statement)) {
			case (PREPARE_SUCCESS):
				break;
			case (PREPARE_UNRECOGNIZED_STATEMENT):
				printf("Unrecognized keyword at the start %s\n", input_buffer->buffer);
				continue;
		}
		execute_statement(&statement);
		printf("Executed\n");
	}
	return 0;
}
```

The *"do_meta_command(input_buffer)"* will return a value of the *"MetaCommandResult"*,
for now, it only supports "PREPARE_SUCCESS" if command is an exit command (".exit"), and
will skip the current iteration otherwise.

Otherwise, it will be verified if the input is a query by the
*"prepare_statement(input_buffer, &statement)"*, where it will be checked if one of
the keys *"insert"* or *"select"* is inside the query and the process to trigger the
appropiate SQL transaction. If the input is not valid in this scheme, then it will
print a message that will be shown in the prompt interface and will skip the current
iteration.
